README.md, before:

# React + TypeScript + Vite

This template provides a minimal setup to get React working in Vite with HMR and some ESLint rules.

Currently, two official plugins are available:

- [@vitejs/plugin-react](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react/blob/main/packages/plugin-react/README.md) uses [Babel](https://babeljs.io/) for Fast Refresh
- [@vitejs/plugin-react-swc](https://github.com/vitejs/vite-plugin-react-swc) uses [SWC](https://swc.rs/) for Fast Refresh

## Expanding the ESLint configuration

If you are developing a production application, we recommend updating the configuration to enable type aware lint rules:

- Configure the top-level `parserOptions` property like this:

```js
   parserOptions: {
    ecmaVersion: 'latest',
    sourceType: 'module',
    project: ['./tsconfig.json', './tsconfig.node.json'],
    tsconfigRootDir: __dirname,
   },
```

- Replace `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended` to `plugin:@typescript-eslint/recommended-type-checked` or `plugin:@typescript-eslint/strict-type-checked`
- Optionally add `plugin:@typescript-eslint/stylistic-type-checked`
- Install [eslint-plugin-react](https://github.com/jsx-eslint/eslint-plugin-react) and add `plugin:react/recommended` & `plugin:react/jsx-runtime` to the `extends` list

Commit message:

Modifying README and adding License

README.md, after:

# Find Four game

The **Find-Four game** (a.k.a. [_The Captain's Mistress_ 🤯](http://www.lightlink.com/history/uk/products/027.html)) is
a two-player connection board game, in which the players choose a color and then take turns dropping colored tokens into
a **seven-column**, **six-row vertically** grid. The pieces fall straight down, occupying the lowest available space
within the column. The objective of the game is to be the first to form a horizontal, vertical, or diagonal line of
**four of one's own tokens**.

## How it works?

Our webapp will allow the user to start a new game by choosing between **playing alone** or **against another friend**.
In case of playing alone, the machine will do random movements without taking care of how the board is or their chances
to win.

The app will maintain the scorecard of the current user until the app is running or the game is reset by the user to
start a new one.

[Here](https://www.figma.com/file/85UIV2xTsgyUbNyhpgdy3m/GW-615-find-four-challenge) you
would find the design of the application and see how it should look like once implemented.

Through [this Figma link (account required)](https://www.figma.com/file/85UIV2xTsgyUbNyhpgdy3m/GW-615-find-four-challenge) or through [this ZIP](https://static.rviewer.io/challenges/assets/find-four/assets.zip), you can download all the
assets to start!

## Installation

- Clone repository
  `git clone https://github.com/totisama/connect4game`
- Run the following commands
  ```
  cd connect4game
  npm install
  npm run dev
  ```

## License

This project is licensed with the [MIT license](LICENSE).
